hello to all and welcome to this
new dofus times devoted a point
major update 2 points 29
the evolution of the critical strike system
small visual modification for
start the probability of performing a
critical hit is now displayed in
percentage then concretely what is this
that it changes by is one that you are
one in two cc or you have 50% of
stop strictly the same thing from
blow why are you telling us and
this is where the second change
intervenes on the one hand blow rates
basic review have been reviewed and
on the other hand, the increase in the
critical hit becomes linear for
recall the basic criticism rates
match the chances of doing a
critical hit with a spell without holding
account of the bonuses provided by
equipment or others without you we
always follow super because it's
now it gets complicated new
basic criticism rates have done is
established according to the old ones while
maintaining a certain coherence and
to calculate them a little bit of
mathematics is needed 6 mt equal
new base rate remained equal
old base rate the formula has operated
is mt equal percentage 55 - blind
missed ok ok it's not very talk like
so that's a small example to come out
currently at one-thirtieth of
base is the equivalent of 3 33% nt equal
55 - 1 out of 1 30th
so between is equivalent to 25%
in other words without additional bonuses you
automatically move from 3 elsewhere 33%
at 25 % chance to make a move
criticism rather colin well let's move on to
present at these famous additional bonuses
for a critical hit obtained via a
equipment or comes out that gives
directly 1% chance
additional to make a hit
addictively critical for example
for a spell at 5% base rate
the addition of 10 trials will pass this same
at 15% chance to perform
a critical hit and as I see you
come I anticipate if before he was
impossible to exceed 1 in 2 cc is
50%
it is now well past and your
optimization will allow you to overtake
the 50% or even to reach 100%
of chance made a critical hit
the best for the end the dofus
turquoise his bonus now stands at
10 sfx and it becomes definitely
accessible to all players they
will complete the initiated quest series
by the witch meriane has an appointment in
game more explanations are waiting for you
in the devblog and as for us we get
will find again very soon for a
new fustal explanatory of the 2.29
see you soon